[Music]
where is my daughter
people whom just disappear
[Music]
testing 1 2 3
we're on we're here to investigate a
patient that killed three innocent
teenagers on a Halloween in 1978 he was
shot by his own psychiatrist and taken
into custody that night and spent the
last 40 years in captivity
hello Michael I have something you might
like to see
everyone in my family like turns into a
nutcase this time of year yeah I mean
your grandmother is Laurie Strode she
was almost murdered wasn't it her
brother converted all those babysitters
no it was not her brother that's the
main if people made up do you know that
I pray every night that he would escape
hey Belle did you do that for so I can
kill him the bus crashed
what bus crash Michael escaped
excuse me somebody's in here
[Music]
it's waited for this night he's waited
for me
I've waited for whom
you don't believe in the boogeyman
my god
you should can close the closet door I
[Music]
had a series of visions when I was
younger and after each one ended the
same thought would be stuck in my head
parts Jessie I saw none
order my visions reach the church and I
was asked to accompany a priest to an
abbey in Romania the Abbey has a long
history what Jim a hit down Koreans here
[Music]
tonight allows people a release for all
the hatred and violence if they keep up
inside them this won't bring him back it
won't make you feel any better thank you
it is a night that is defining our
country
citizens this will be a tradition we
celebrate every year join the first
purge
don't you think says always see tonight
people are now calling this
controversial experiment of legalized
crime the purge you and Isaiah just stay
with me doing the purge oh we gonna be
fine on how we are here with dr. main up
Dale she came up with this experiment is
the purge a political device it is a
psychological one if we want to save our
country we must release all our anger in
one night tonight we'll see the good and
evil and everyone this is your emergency
broadcast system announcing the
commencement of the first purge our
neighborhood is under siege from a
government who doesn't give a [ __ ] about
any of us at the siren a crime including
murder will be legal for 12 hours
there's a lot of good people out there
who we gonna have to protect you all
emergency services will be suspended we
gotta be prepared for anything your
government thanks you for your
participation parties you predicted a
much higher level of participation human
nature does not obey the laws of
politics
what's going on
they all ex-military some funky going
down D receiving soldiers into the
island disguised as citizens this
country needs for the Stork no one's
coming to help us after tonight nothing
will ever be the same again they forgot
about one thing they forgot about us
what have I done wrong
[Music]
just remember all the good the purge
does they used to believe that if it
goes off you might like at night my
mermaid will get you
[Music]
every time I close my eyes I see you're
looking at me
[Music]
I saw young woman at the lake that's
impossible
she's dead I'm Erin Watson
I can't forget her if you reject her she
will punish you and take away the wrong
[Applause]
[Music]
around women never let go
I'm gonna ask you a series of questions
I want you to respond truthfully have
you ever heard someone
yes have you ever experienced anything
you'd consider abnormal
[Music]
yes
less question do you know a mutants are
did you know baby rattlesnakes are more
dangerous and adult ones they haven't
learned how to control how much venom
they secrete
[Applause]
all of you are dangerous that's why
you're here
[Music]
what is this place she's in the hospital
that's a haunted house
[Applause]
[Music]
you're being through hard get some rest
[Applause]
[Music]
hello your Lewis I presume
[Applause]
you'll see things are quite different
here
[Music]
[Applause]
the house is a very old place
there's a clock in the walls
we don't know what it does except
something horrible
so you've told Lewis everything well not
everything
[Music]
have a look around you're perfectly safe
that's safe as long as it's fed the
first time I saw hundreds Hall was July
1919 nothing could have prepared me for
the spell it cast when I saw the house
again thirty years later I could hardly
comprehend the change in the place why
don't you tell me what's going on
you wouldn't believe me mother
this is dr. Faraday how did you find the
patient little under the weather
it's war shock
I brought Caroline home to nursing I've
heard they're troubled very cautious
about it a long time ago
who's the child here what are you doing
here this isn't died before I was born
there's something evil in this house
that's nonsense
[Music]
Betty what are you doing here you're
right four minutes I do not Oh Mrs S is
upstairs trying itself today what is
going on
[Music]
she's here
that's impossible your mind is playing
tricks
Susan is a memory it will be explained
how innocent you are
I'm worried doctor last night he said he
could smell smoke I couldn't smell
anything
it's delusions seemed almost contagious
someone's playing games
people are capable of nasty impulses
something in this house that hates us
you do not belong here oh yes
Debbie tricks tonight
weapon next there's a mystery to me
[Music]